Install Percona Everest on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) (#28)
percona/everest-doc: docs/install/eks.md

3. [Install the Amazon EBS CSI driver](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/ebs-csi.html) on your cluster. See the [official documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/managing-ebs-csi.html) on adding it as an Amazon EKS add-on.

## Install the Operator and deploy your MongoDB cluster

1. Deploy the Operator. By default deployment will be done in the `default`
    namespace. If that's not the desired one, you can create a new namespace
    and/or set the context for the namespace as follows (replace the `<namespace name>` placeholder with some descriptive name):

    ``` {.bash data-prompt="$" }
    $ kubectl create namespace <namespace name>
    $ kubectl config set-context $(kubectl config current-context) --namespace=<namespace name>
    ```

    At success, you will see the message that `namespace/<namespace name>` was created, and the context was modified.

    To deploy the Operator [use](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/server-side-apply/) the following command:

    ``` {.bash data-prompt="$" }

>     $ kubectl apply --server-side -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/v{{ release }}/deploy/bundle.yaml

Reviewer: We need recommending provision everest

Author: Removed everything following the Create the EKS cluster section

    ```

    ??? example "Expected output"

        ``` {.text .no-copy}

>         customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/perconaservermongodbs.psmdb.percona.com serverside-applied

Reviewer: ```
backupstorages.everest.percona.com                   2023-09-19T11:15:54Z
databaseclusterbackups.everest.percona.com           2023-09-19T11:15:54Z
databaseclusterrestores.everest.percona.com          2023-09-19T11:15:55Z
databaseclusters.everest.percona.com                 2023-09-19T11:15:55Z
databaseengines.everest.percona.com                  2023-09-19T11:15:55Z
monitoringconfigs.everest.percona.com                2023-09-19T11:15:55Z
perconapgbackups.pgv2.percona.com                    2023-09-19T11:35:42Z
perconapgclusters.pgv2.percona.com                   2023-09-19T11:35:42Z
perconapgrestores.pgv2.percona.com                   2023-09-19T11:35:42Z
perconaservermongodbbackups.psmdb.percona.com        2023-09-19T11:16:49Z
perconaservermongodbrestores.psmdb.percona.com       2023-09-19T11:16:49Z
perconaservermongodbs.psmdb.percona.com              2023-09-19T11:16:49Z
perconaxtradbclusterbackups.pxc.percona.com          2023-09-19T11:24:07Z
perconaxtradbclusterrestores.pxc.percona.com         2023-09-19T11:24:07Z
perconaxtradbclusters.pxc.percona.com                2023-09-19T11:24:07Z
```
An idication of successfully provisioned EKS cluster

Reviewer: Oh. I missed the point that it's not crd. we can attach an output of our successful CLI provisioning

Author: Removed everything following the Create the EKS cluster section

# Install Percona Everest on Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS)

This guide shows you how to deploy Percona Operator for MongoDB on Amazon

> Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS). The document assumes some experience with the

Reviewer 2: The first sentence still says "deploy Percona Operator for MongoDB"

platform. For more information on the EKS, see the [Amazon EKS official documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/).

## Prerequisites

Before creating an EKS cluster, make sure to:

1. [Install the AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-install.html) for interacting with the different parts of AWS.

> 2. [Install eksctl](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-install.html) to simplify cluster creation on EKS.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. [Install eksctl](https://github.com/eksctl-io/eksctl#installation) to simplify cluster creation on EKS.
```

> 3. [Install kubectl](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-install.html) to manage and deploy applications on Kubernetes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. [Install kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/) to manage and deploy applications on Kubernetes.
```

> 4. [Configure AWS CLI](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/) with your credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. [Configure AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html) with your credentials.
```

> 4. [Configure AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html) with your credentials.

Reviewer 2: Check the links. You have the same link in all the steps.

## Create the EKS cluster

1. Settled the required cluster details:

    * name of your EKS cluster
    * AWS region in which you wish to deploy your cluster
    * the number of nodes you would like to have
    * the desired ratio between [on-demand](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-on-demand-instances.html)
        and [spot](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-spot-instances.html) instances in the total number of nodes.

    !!! note

        [spot](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-spot-instances.html) instances are not recommended for production environment but may be useful for testing purposes.

2. Create your EKS cluster [following the official cluster creation instructions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/create-cluster.html).

> 3. [Install the Amazon EBS CSI driver](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/ebs-csi.html) on your cluster. See the [official documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/managing-ebs-csi.html) on adding it as an Amazon EKS add-on.

Reviewer 2: Should we add info on how to remove the EKS cluster? 
You can copy and paste this subsection from this postgresql doc https://docs.percona.com/percona-operator-for-postgresql/2.0/eks.html#removing-the-eks-cluster
